folks tried from the Navy from all for all different reasons. There's
not one that you can put your finger on. Some folks are tired of the
operational tempo. Some folks are just just want to use. The Navy gets
a skill set, and perhaps she's the g I bill after the fact, and
that's totally okay. Let's be clear. There's nothing wrong with leaving
the Navy. There's nothing wrong with leaving military service. Not
every person needs to be a career sailor, soldier, marine or airman.
It would be a problem if that was the case, huh? Some people just
get tired. Sometimes. A family situation is tthe e drives, leaving
the service. You need stability for your Children. Some people are
fed up with the general. The mentality of the military service, the
conformity of that's required to be in the military. Um, all of that
is totally acceptable, and it should not be frowned upon